Incorporate PR20 feedback (#22)
datatrails/veracity: README.md

## Verify All Events

The `veracity verify-included` command accepts the result of a DataTrails list events call.

> This verifies inclusion of each single even in the returned list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This verifies the inclusion of each event in the returned list.
```
